Modify readme for optional `output` config value (#768)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/alation/README.md

Reviewer: Also modify the `Testing` section into something like

> Run the following command to test the connector locally:
> ```shell
> metaphor alation <config_file>
> ```

```yaml
url: <url to the Alation instance>
token: <API token>
output:
  file:
    directory: <output_directory>
```

> See [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information on `output`.

Reviewer 2: If `output` is not specified, do we have a default place, or just don't output anything?

Reviewer: PWD: https://github.com/MetaphorData/connectors/pull/763

> By default, the connector writes the extracted metadatas to `${pwd}/${CURRENT_TIMESTAMP}`. To modify the location or disable writing altogether, see [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the connector writes the output to `$PWD/<timestamp>`. To change the location, see [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Actually on second thought, consider moving the "By default, ..." part to `../common/docs/output.md` to avoid needing to repeat the same thing in every README?

Author: How do I tell people to look at `output.md`?

Reviewer: > See [Output Config](../common/docs/output.md) for more information.
